alright so now we're gonna play
a little bit of a game called
heads up for me I've seen people
do it if I mess up badly i want
to disappoint you i don't think
there's any disappointment and
just like playing a game with ok
with dr we're gonna go ahead and
start with animals category like
him
there we go get ready
a spider and you die from it if
it was thinking if it bites you
grandpa and there's anyone out
yes I in Africa this jumps high
and swiftly but it's not in
power antelope keep going one
more you got it or X know it
leaps antelope I don't wanna
okay all right
o people used to cut off his leg
for good luck
oh I rabbit yes oh I this is the
highest density of four of any
mammal and it loves swimming in
the water water water
nice there's a great reef of
this off of Australia Carl good
hop oh you want to play another
round another round
maybe let's try blockbusters and
movies place on forehead yep
alright so this is a movie with
scarlett johansson and Bill
Murray and they're in Japan
oh I know it they're know i know
i know that you know it but I
don't um no bit of an impostor
catches a place in Hawaii that
got bombed during a war harbor
yeah dirty that's all right sir
this is a movie with Macaulay
Culkin it was during Christmas
totally nailed it
this and all I guess he climbed
the Empire State Building
already gone
yeah got it this is a superhero
movie with a ton of different
characters
oh I've adventures I've no keep
going there is they're amazing
although what was that like it
was fantastic for all fine and
go into the time before I know
you should a ton of I told him
but so there was more than this
one so I don't want to be like
okay this weekend right
animals onto amazon what I'm
doing yeah good animals
alright I like thinking about
them and describing them all
right here we go
oh I it's a pet that is really
weird that some people have it
Garrett yes I not the
brontosaurus butt right yes
sticky don't touch it it models
that was quick
oh don't remind us who I just
it's not a lobster trap right
and it's in Louisiana and you're
boiling crawfish
yes I it'll suck your blood and
give you a malaria mosquito yes
I not a rat better now
it swims in the ocean shark
dolphin
well I octopus fish fish
this is our is a landmass off of
Australia and there's an animal
named after that landmass a reef
tip shark
I know ok I was really just this
epic I think that I i was trying
yeah
Tasmanian devil wow that one
more try
which one do you want to remove
your exam just apply
let's do it alright this is a
movie where a guy had phone in a
shoe and it was a used to be a
sitcom
Oh get more yep Whitney Houston
is in this movie kevin costner
Oh about the bodyguard yeah and
it's to household pets to really
popular one that's dogs yep
there are a lot of these types
of dogs in their spotted not
spot-on don't want to do that
oh this is not that's the place
you go after middle
an elementary and then high
school musical
yes this is the movie that came
after Bruce was God I I'm bruh
Evan Almighty yes that oh he was
a Mexican wrestler
Oh naturally bring this was like
the famous dance and had black
hair that's growing a little
brother I mean that was pretty
good pretty good
yeah i think for a scientist I
was hitting some good pop
culture I think you were just
just do i get to a good
agreement with others in the
room
yeah i think is great job doctor
thank you out there and
periscope land